# 03/9/2021

Agenda:

* Saul wanting to share some responsibility to take off some of the expectations
* Rody has codeacademy pro, can share username/password, megan also liking that.
* Nina: Maybe we could follow some program together, and we have weekly check ins
* Adelaide: If we are doing more self paced work, if workflow is that we work on things on our own, and come together as support group. Adelaide won't learn on my own. Could use these as demo periods, that could be fun.
* Ideas:
    * Sara: I liked making guides, and I like the translation, sharing in each meeting about what you are learning
    * Game development! Rust Temple teaching [4 part course](https://rusttemple.today/index.php/product/foundations-in-self-directed-learning-in-game-development/) starting april 12 
    * Rody: Can still do simple issues on JupyterLab, stay on with accessibility
    * Housing co-op website project!


* Rody go over work he has been doing
* Basic ellipses issue
    * We can go into issues and find "good first issue"

How do we want to shift to study group for html, css, javascript, with saul still available as resource
    html.com 
    https://www.internetingishard.com/
    https://www.internetingishard.com/html-and-css/introduction/
    
