# 3/02/2021 Meeting

[Github link to these notes](https://github.com/saulshanabrook/jupyterlab-accessibility/blob/main/meetings/3_02_2021.md) (update these with contents when meeting over)

[Zoom link](https://zoom.us/j/9912833569?pwd=V1p0dTg0RzlBK0FPWmVKMUdrcTdTUT09)

Agenda:

* Intros, whats new?
    * Saul
    * Quinten
        * Using things like github, hackmd. All coming up with our own notes. Whats the process to merge three different ideas. How do all those pieces come together on github?
    * Sara
    * Kali
    * Nina
    * Charlotte
    * Rody
    * Adelaide
      * What is Github?
        * Kali: Github is the facebook and instagram and drive for all things code
        * Nina: Only open source code?
        * Kali: Open source is code that anyone has access to and contribute to, people can work on the same code. 
      * What is hackmd?
        * Saul: Its like google docs but for markdown
        * Quinten: Markdown is a language that allows you to write text in a way where its easy to bold things, italicize things, a lot of other programs use markdown in their text boxes. By learning that code, you can do things.
        * Saul: [Link to markdown reference](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
        * Adelaide: Markdown is the word we are using to talking about the coder-ey font. Google docs is for word documents, but hackmd is like that but for this kind of writing.
        * Putting a tab makes the sub bullet,, coloring helps you visually scan. Colors are automatic based on how indented it is. 
        * Sara demos if you hover over top left green circle, can split screen-- the Coders do this!
            * FIGURED IT OUT -nl
  * [Notes from meeting I had this week](https://app.mural.co/t/mentoredsprints9587/m/mentoredsprints9587/1614540825775/61448de808acbcdbe102d636d1fd6ed67ae7e7ba)
* General idea of our process here being valuable
* Sara demo markdown files on site
    * Sara shows off how to edit things, and how they show up in "pull requests"
    * Nina: I like how these reads like a moodle. like a virtual syllabus. 
    * Charlotte: How do we add ourselves to the github?
* Quinten demo crazy file!
    * Pull requests: We are gonna have pulls require one review on main page (and other pages?)
    * Nina: How do we approve them?
      * We now have enabled pull request reviews so every one needs to be reviewed by someone elseWe all went through and made or accepted pull requests
* Saul Demo JupyterBook website
* Breakout rooms where we try to edit things
* For next time
* naming session for our "github organization" and site?
* Meeting time?
  * Push back for Kali?
  * Push back till after CVTU?
  * Nina will when2meet
      * Quinten: like the meetings before the wednesday meeting
      * monday tuesday!
* Kali send zoom link!
    * https://foodcorps.zoom.us/j/82728955419
* Kali: An hour or hour and a half?
  * Q: I like the flexability. 45 minutes, up to an hour and a half?
    * I could see how small breakout could be like study group
  * Q: bell ringers, breakout rooms in the begining!  
* See you all tomorrow!
